samples: ncp: Added vendor hooks for NCP sample (#2587)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/openthread/ncp/README.rst

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run.txt

.. _ot_ncp_sample_features_enabling:

Enabling additional features
============================

> When building the sample, you can enable :ref:`additional sample features <ot_ncp_sample_features>`.
> To do this, run the build command with one additional parameter that defines the configuration files that you want to use.
> For example, to enable vendor hooks on the nRF52840 DK, run the following command:
> 
> .. code-block:: console
> 
>    west build -b nrf52840dk_nrf52840 -- -DCONF_FILE="prj.conf overlay-vendor_hook.conf"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When building the sample, you can enable :ref:`additional sample features <ot_ncp_sample_features>`.
To do this, modify :makevar:`OVERLAY_CONFIG`.
For example, to enable vendor hooks, set :file:`overlay-vendor_hook.conf`
See :ref:`cmake_options` for instructions on how to add this option.
```

Author: Done it. @b-gent do you think it needs tech writer re-review?

Reviewer 2: This look good.

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run.txt

_ot_ncp_sample_features_enabling:

Enabling additional features
----------------------------

When building the sample, you can enable the :ref:`additional sample features <ot_ncp_sample_features>`.
To do this, run the build command with one additional parameter that defines the configuration files that you want to use.
For example, to enable vendor hooks on the nRF52840 DK, run the following command:

.. code-block:: console

>    west build -b nrf52840dk_nrf52840 -- -DCONF_FILE="prj.conf overlay-vendor_hook.conf"

Reviewer 3: What about building with SES?
We're promoting SES as the first building method, but it cannot handle .cpp files.

FYI, @rlubos , @carlescufi .

Author: I think SES support is a part of specific task to provide it for all Thread samples and probably it will be developed later. Maybe such changes will be a good occasion to make also documentation update?

Reviewer 3: Thanks for the update. Is there already a task for this SES support?
And yes, we can update the documentation then.

Author: Yes and I think it is planned to be done in this sprint.
